Clarify ContextHubBackend agent repo and skill repo structure (#4375)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/backends.mdx

### ContextHubBackend

<Note>
**Before you begin:** `ContextHubBackend` requires a Context Hub repo set up in LangSmith. Read the [Context Hub concepts](/langsmith/context-engineering-concepts) page first if you're unfamiliar with agent repos and skill repos.
</Note>

> `ContextHubBackend` stores your agent's filesystem in a LangSmith Context Hub repo — either a standalone repo or an agent repo that links out to skill repos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ContextHubBackend` stores your agent's filesystem in a LangSmith Context Hub repo. It can use a standalone repo or an agent repo that links out to skill repos.
```
